feat(select-inputs): add closeMenuOnSelect props to select-inputs (#2084)
commercetools/ui-kit: .changeset/nine-laws-sit.md

---
'@commercetools-uikit/async-creatable-select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/async-select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/creatable-select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/search-select-input': minor
'@commercetools-uikit/select-input': minor

> '@commercetools-uikit/i18n': minor

Reviewer: Remove this line

---

> expose closeMenuOnSelect prop on all select input components which uses react-select

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expose `closeMenuOnSelect` prop on all select input components. By default it closes the menu. When set to `false`, the menu stays open when options are selected.
```
